#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements/test.txt requirements/test.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
aiohttp==3.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   litellm
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   httpx
    #   mcp
    #   openai
    #   sse-starlette
    #   starlette
asgiref==3.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
attrs==25.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   cyclopts
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
authlib==1.6.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fastmcp
beartype==0.22.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   py-key-value-aio
    #   py-key-value-shared
cachetools==6.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   py-key-value-aio
certifi==2025.10.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   litellm
    #   typer-slim
    #   uvicorn
code-annotations==1.8.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
coverage[toml]==7.8.0
    # via pytest-cov
cryptography==46.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   authlib
    #   secretstorage
cyclopts==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fastmcp
diskcache==5.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   py-key-value-aio
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openai
django==4.2.25
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   edx-django-utils
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via edx-django-utils
django-extensions==4.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
django-filter==25.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-waffle==4.2.0
    # via edx-django-utils
djangorestframework==3.16.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
dnspython==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   email-validator
    #   pymongo
docstring-parser==0.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cyclopts
docutils==0.22.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   rich-rst
edx-django-utils==7.4.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
edx-opaque-keys==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
email-validator==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pydantic
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fastmcp
fastmcp==2.13.0.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
fastuuid==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   litellm
filelock==3.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
frozenlist==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
hf-xet==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fastmcp
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   litellm
    #   mcp
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mcp
huggingface-hub==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   tokenizers
idna==3.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   litellm
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
jaraco-classes==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   keyring
jaraco-context==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   keyring
jaraco-functools==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   keyring
jeepney==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   keyring
    #   secretstorage
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   litellm
jiter==0.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openai
jsonschema==4.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   litellm
    #   mcp
jsonschema-path==0.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fastmcp
jsonschema-specifications==2025.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
keyring==25.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   py-key-value-aio
litellm==1.79.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   rich
markupsafe==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
mcp==1.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fastmcp
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   markdown-it-py
more-itertools==10.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jaraco-classes
    #   jaraco-functools
multidict==6.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
newrelic==10.9.0
    # via edx-django-utils
openai==2.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   litellm
openapi-pydantic==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fastmcp
openedx-atlas==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pytest
pathable==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema-path
pathvalidate==3.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   py-key-value-aio
platformdirs==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fastmcp
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
propcache==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
psutil==7.0.0
    # via edx-django-utils
py-key-value-aio[disk,keyring,memory]==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fastmcp
py-key-value-shared==0.2.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   py-key-value-aio
pycparser==2.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic[email]==2.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fastmcp
    #   litellm
    #   mcp
    #   openai
    #   openapi-pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.41.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mcp
pygments==2.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   rich
pymongo==4.15.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via edx-django-utils
pyperclip==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fastmcp
pytest==8.3.5
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==6.1.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.11.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dotenv==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fastmcp
    #   litellm
    #   pydantic-settings
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mcp
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via code-annotations
pyyaml==6.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jsonschema-path
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2025.10.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   tiktoken
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   tiktoken
rich==14.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cyclopts
    #   fastmcp
    #   rich-rst
rich-rst==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cyclopts
rpds-py==0.28.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
secretstorage==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   keyring
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
sse-starlette==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mcp
starlette==0.49.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mcp
stevedore==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tiktoken==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   litellm
tokenizers==0.22.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   litellm
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
typer-slim==0.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   huggingface-hub
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aiosignal
    #   anyio
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   exceptiongroup
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   py-key-value-shared
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   starlette
    #   typer-slim
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.38.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   mcp
websockets==15.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fastmcp
yarl==1.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
zipp==3.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
